# SQL_examples

# Stored Procedures Punching system MySQL
Punching Sytem Examples
Here are some examples of stored procedures that I elaborated myself through my employment.
Timecard is the punch in and punch out timestamp of the user.(automatic save triggered from UI)
Timesheet data is edited by the user to fill in additional details to one's work for a time slot.
The final worksheet needs to be sent for approval when the week is completed.
I standardized these for educational purposes solely.
The queries need to be executed separately by blocks delimited by "#" in this case.
You might need to change certain table names, variables and conditions tailored for your needs to fit into your application.

-LEAVE: Populate days off for a user
-TIMECARD_LOOP_DAYS: Populates all days(punch in, punch out) for a user in a month
-TIMECARD_LOOP_DAYS_WORKDAYS_ONLY with arguments: Populates work days only(skippes Sat and Sun)
You can call the procedure like this e.g: CALL insert_timecard_workdays_data(31, 0, '2024-01-01', 'USER01', '');
The procedure processes days until day_counter reaches day_max. If day_max is set to 365, it will process up to 365 days, but it will skip weekends
-TIMECARD_LOOP_DAYS_WORKDAYS_ONLY with declaration: Does the same but the variables are declared inside the procedure so you cannot change the values.
The procedure processes up to day_max days (default is 31). If you want to populate data for a year, you would need to set day_max to a higher value (e.g., 365) and account for skipped weekends.
-TIMECARD_RELID_WORKDAYS: Populate the timecard that is generated by the timesheet and it is the final data for authorization in the punching system,
Ensures no duplicate or conflicting
-TIMESHEET_LOOP_DAYS: same as TIMECARD_LOOP_DAYS, it adds additional user details for submittion
-TIMESHEET_LOOP_DAYS_WORKDAYS_ONLY with arguments: same as TIMECARD_LOOP_DAYS_WORKDAYS_ONLY with arguments, it adds additional user details for submittion
-TIMESHEET_LOOP_DAYS_WORKDAYS_ONLY with declaration: same as TIMECARD_LOOP_DAYS_WORKDAYS_ONLYwith declaration, it adds additional user details for submittion

